big moments a star-studded lineup of
internationals will represent they far
baked in the crossbar challenge Henrik
Mitch Italian eric doin Adrian Ramos
yeah only coba me on cheering morbidon
torments are confident of victory their
opponents are esta Werder Bremen still
top the table with five direct hits they
far they feel that today is a good day
for breaking records
okay let your brother with my friend
yeah cameraman has to move aside we
don't want to get in the way the stage
is all clear the hammock Mick Therrien
not a bad start a real signal of intent
from the Armenian her shot first hit
theoretically speaking we could see 15
crossbar hit each player gets three
attempts next up Adrian Ramos hit number
two unbelievable it hasn't exactly left
the crossbar quaking but it touched it
and that one too perfect star for paypal
bait and now it's the flamboyant
pierre-emerick open my youngster
that's the first miss should be
embarrassed
when you strike from Italy cheer oh and
muffle oh do any better Raymond can feel
safe are they breathing down their necks
already three direct hits after four
attempts a record start can will
champion Erik durm finish off the
opening round in style three it remains
we're gonna increase now I have the
dough can't shut more let's see the
second round on to round two deep
breaths master himself begins little bit
miffed with that one can add rhian ramos
do any better yes you can a perfect
record for the corn get to frontier that
brings Stallman tally up to four nervous
times now in Bremen over my anchor stuck
how about zero remodeler no look for him
either while the rest of the team took a
group photo Eric dorm looks to get level
with framing this shot is too hard
kumasi but under latter tiffin huntin
yeah so I've chosen says who Emmerich
mctarry on shows he's not camera shy
makes it five or eight kids best ally
together with their the Bremen but we're
not done yet it's still time for another
actually and ran us
make 66 they foul bay take the outright
lead in the table and that's 3 pin free
for Ramos as well and truly the man of
the match the doorman still have three
attempts left starting with obermeyer
Kainat organics zero immobile ax ends up
with sweet nothing to the master reminds
him of a father final attempt the world
champion no look for here neither though
never mind still six it a new record not
least thanks to one hundred percent man
Adrian Ramos got my racked up a whopping
six diuretics then to put them top of
the pile there's only one team left who
can ask them FC Bayern Munich
you